Oof, you lost a lot of progress. That’s a deep frustration, a real punch in the gut.
Uff… Sorry about that.
Oh no, it happened again. Keep on trying, don’t let it get to you.
Hang in there. Don’t let it get to you. But also… let it get to you a little bit.
There’s no feeling more intense than starting over. If you've deleted your homework the day before it was due, as I have, or if you left your wallet at home and you have to go back, after spending an hour in the commute, if you won some money at the casino and then put all your winnings on red, but it came up black, if you got your best shirt dry-cleaned before a wedding and then immediately dropped food on it, if you won an argument with a friend and then later discovered that they just returned to their original view, starting over is harder than starting up. If you're not ready for that, like if you've already had a bad day then what you're about to go through might be too much. Feel free to go away and come back. I'll be here.
Alright, thanks for coming with me on this trip. I'll understand if you have to take a break in any point... Just find a safe place to stop, and quit the game. And don't worry, I'll save your progress, always. Even your mistakes.
"This thing we call 'failure' is not the falling down, but the staying down." — Mary Pickford
"The soul would have no rainbow had the eyes no tears." — John Vance Cheney
"The pain I feel now is the happiness I had before. That's the deal." — C.S. Lewis
"I feel within me a peace above all earthly dignities, a still and quiet conscience." — William Shakespeare
"You cannot now believe that you will ever feel better. But this is not true. You are sure to be happy again. Knowing this, truly believing it, will make you less miserable now." — Abraham Lincoln
"Do not stand at my grave and cry, I am not there, I did not die." — Mary Frye
"To live is to suffer, to survive is to find some meaning in the suffering." — Friedrich Nietzsche
"Life is a mosaic of pleasure and pain—grief is an interval between two moments of joy. Peace is the interlude between two wars. You have no rose without a thorn; the diligent picker will avoid the pricks and gather the flower" — Sathya Sai Baba
"Sorrow is my own yard / where the new grass / flames as it has flamed often before but not / with the cold fire / that closes round me this year." — William Carlos Williams
"Of all sad words of tongue or pen, the saddest are these, 'It might have been.' — John Greenleaf Whittier
"If you try to please audiences, uncritically accepting their tastes,it can only mean that you have no respect for them." — Andrei Tarkovsky
"Don't hate the player; hate the game." — Ice T
"When to the sessions of sweet silent thoughtI summon up remembrance of things past, I sigh the lack of many a thing sought, and with old woes new wail my dear time's waste" — William Shakespeare, Sonnet XXX​​
"Patience is the foundation of eternal peace. Make anger your enemy. Harm comes to those who know only victory and do not know defeat. Find fault with yourself and not with others. It is in falling short of your own goals that you will surpass those who exceed theirs." — Tokugawa Ieyasu
"She smiled in defeat, With unconquerable eyes." — Atticus
"Your failure here is a metaphor. To learn for what, please resume climbing." — Rob Dubbin
"Laugh, and the world laughs with you; Weep, and you weep alone; For the sad old earth must borrow its mirth, But has trouble enough of its own." — Ella Weaver Wilcox
"Better by far you should forget and smile Than that you should remember and be sad." — Christina Rosetti
"Something filled up my heart with nothing, someone told me not to cry. Now that I'm older, my heart is colder, I can see that it's a lie." — The Arcade Fire
"I stand amid the roar of a surf-tormented shore, And I hold within my hand grains of the golden sand. How few! yet how they creep through my fingers to the deep, While I weep- while I weep! O God! Can I not grasp them with a tighter clasp? O God! Can I not save one from the pitiless wave? Is all that we see or seem but a dream within a dream?" — Edgar Allen Poe
"Can I see another's woe, And not be in sorrow too? Can I see another's grief, And not seek for kind relief?" — William Blake
"In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take." — Lewis Carroll
"Our doubts are traitors and make us lose the good we oft might win, by fearing to attempt" — William Shakespeare, Measure for Measure
"There are no regrets in life, Just lessons." — Jennifer Aniston
"Pain has an element of blank; It cannot recollect when it began, or if there were A day when it was not. It has no future but itself, Its infinite realms contain its past, enlightened to perceive New periods of pain." — Emily Dickinson
"Oft expectation fails, and most oft where most it promises; and oft it hits where hope is coldest; and despair most sits." — William Shakespeare, All's Well that Ends Well
"Even as the stone of the fruit must break, that its heart may stand in the sun, so must you know pain. And could you keep your heart in wonder at the daily miracles of your life, your pain would not seem less wondrous than your joy." — Khalil Gibran
"This is the Hour of Lead Remembered, if outlived, As Freezing persons recollect the Snow First—Chill—then Stupor—then the letting go." — Emily Dickinson
"I feel your pain: the pain in knowing this has Happened to you. The pain in knowing what more tears we have gained. But through all this I feel your pain." — Octavia Hawkins-Richardson
"I'm crushing your dreams and dashing your hopes You're climbing a mountain with a hammer and no ropes. The mountain seems no more a soulless thing, But rather as a shape of ancient fear, In darkness and the winds of Chaos born Amid the lordless heavens' thundering —  A Presence crouched, enormous and austere, Before whose feet the mighty waters mourn." — George Sterling
"Whenever I climb, I'm followed by a dog called 'ego'." — Friedrich Nietzsche I'm, uh. 
I'm going to let you be for a little bit.